{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Segoe UI;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22621}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\ul\f0\fs20\lang1033 Updated in Version 2.1.60\par
\ulnone\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Added animation to provide smoother timer bars. (example submitted by 0xv1n)\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Update for handling pet leader for beast warders. More work needs to be done in this area but this should help for now.\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}Added option to open the previous 2 days from the log file.\par
{\pntext\f0 4.\tab}Added check for triggers to avoid excessive spam if a log file is moved/updated or there is large amount of lag. Anything older than 2 mins will be ignored from now on.\par
{\pntext\f0 5.\tab}Some files are included for a new service to help manage log files but this is not complete yet. Probably in the next release.\par

\pard\par
\ul Updates in Version 2.1.59\ulnone\par
\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Added more data to local cache to lower memory usage.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Fix for Tank Summary not loading if opened and then closed more than once.\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}Misc fixes and cleanup.\par

\pard\par
\ul Updates in Version 2.1.58\ulnone\par
\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Fix for voice rate not working when using basic trigger configuration.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Fix for loot not showing if loot window is opened by default.\par

\pard\par
\ul Updates in Version 2.1.57\ulnone\par
\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Added Phonetic Dictionary option to Trigger Manager. It's very simple as the TTS engine doesn't support anything too useful. However, you can specify a word to replace with another word or phrase by adding rows to the dictionary table. Adding too many entries could potentially slow processing so look out for that.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Updated Merge Triggers window to not force the entire application into view when clicked.\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}Changed how the last window size is saved to possibly fix a bug some people are seeing.\par
{\pntext\f0 4.\tab}Fix for importing triggers from GINA where a timer type was being imported even when no timer was specified.\par
{\pntext\f0 5.\tab}Fix for cooldown overlay not going into idle/reset mode when a single pattern matched multiple timers.\par

\pard\ul\par
Updates in Version 2.1.56\ulnone\par
\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Fixed bug that prevents parser from loading if the saved window state file could not be read or loaded properly.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Fixed certificate signing that should prevent some firewall/anti-virus apps from complaining.\par

\pard\par
\ul Updates in Version 2.1.55\ulnone\par
\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Updated Quick Share Log and other Trigger related windows to open in the full content aree. They're treated just like every other window now.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Fix bug where 2nd instance of the parser wouldn't open due to how the trigger windows are now loaded at startup to support saving their state.\par

\pard\ul\par
Updates in Version 2.1.54\ulnone\par
\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Re-worked how Windows under the View menu are positioned to allow saving what is open for application restarts. Note that if you create tabs or split the layout the windows will open to whichever container you have highlighted. This also does not work for the Log Search since you can open a bunch of those windows. It should work for the others.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Added a Reset Window State under Options if something gets really messed up with the saved window positions/states. Just use that and restart.\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}Updated Syncfusion libraries to latest version.\par
{\pntext\f0 4.\tab}Fixed bug when opening Tanking Chart showing the wrong values when the summary is not using the default damage type.\par
{\pntext\f0 5.\tab}Fixed bug where opening the past 1 hour sometimes missed the first few lines that it should have included.\par
{\pntext\f0 6.\tab}Fixed bug with restoring Damage Meter positions on systems using different language settings.\par
{\pntext\f0 7.\tab}Made lots of other small updates/fixed. With all the changes look out for any small bugs and let me know what you find.\par

\pard\par
\ul Updates in Version 2.1.53\ulnone\par
\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Added Voice and Voice Rate options to the Trigger Manager advanced settings for configuring per character.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Updated Looted Items view to auto refresh and fixed a bug where assigned loot were not always changed to show when they are looted. More UIs will be changed to not require a Refresh button in later versions.\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}Updated Random Rolls view to start the time left countdown when re-opening the window or loading for the first time. Previously, it only worked if the window happened to be open when the rolls are seen.\par
{\pntext\f0 4.\tab}Fixed issue when doing large Fight combines where counts could be off by a few.\par
{\pntext\f0 5.\tab}Fixed issue where the Spell Cast Order wouldn't always show the correct order for things that happen during the same second. It should always be the same order as seen in the log file now.\par
{\pntext\f0 6.\tab}Re-worked how records are stored and queried to fix performance problems when doing large combines. Which also allowed for slightly better checking of interrupted spells without slowing things down. As long as the interrupt happens within 9 seconds of the cast message it should be counted. Should also prevent some errors that could happen when combining data during active raids.\par

\pard\ul\par
Updates in Version 2.1.52\ulnone\par
\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Updated Quickshare Import to make a 2nd attempt to download EQLP Quickshare files if the first attempt fails. Should handle the odd case where the service is overloaded.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Fix for handling triggers where the same pattern is used for more than one pattern. Previously, the initial pattern was checked first and if found it would not check for end early patterns of other triggers.\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}Fix for read/writing settings using different locale options.\par
{\pntext\f0 4.\tab}Updated beta spells.\par
{\pntext\f0 5.\tab}Removed hardware acceleration option.\par

\pard\ul\par
Updates in Version 2.1.51\ulnone\par
\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Update NPC list for the new expansion.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Added option to enable/disable hardware acceleration if it's causing problems with older video cards.\par

\pard\par
\ul Updates in Version 2.1.50\ulnone\par
\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Fix to allow multiple parsers to run at the same time again. This may not be more difficult to do in the future so I'd suggest posting when this sort of thing is needed.\par

\pard\par
\ul Updates in Version 2.1.49\ulnone\par
\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Changed how Showing Crit% Rate works in the Damage Meter. It no longer tries to choose whether to show DoT or Nuke rates based on class. The dropdown itself has options for DoT, Nuke, or Both. If you had it enabled previously it now should be set to both but you may see more than you'd like. So, just go in and pick the option you want.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Removed some SPAs from ADPS chart to try and avoid displaying some abilities which don't really fit ADPS.\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}Fix bug with choosing custom time range on the Damage Summary.\par
{\pntext\f0 4.\tab}Fix bug with ADPS chart when trying to handle wear off messages.\par

\pard\par
\ul Updates in Version 2.1.48\ulnone\par
\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Added a Looping Timer Type. It has a configurable number of Times to Loop and defaults to 1. Updated import from GINA to convert repeating timers to Looping timers. For timers coming from GINA I'm defaulting the loop count to 5.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Added Text to Share option to Triggers. It copies the specified value to the Clipboard when the pattern is matched. It supports \{C\}, \{S\}, \{L\}, \{N\} like the Text To Display fields. Also updated import from GINA to handle the copy text field.\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}Added Sort By option to the Timer Overlay for sorting by the Timer Name.\par
{\pntext\f0 4.\tab}Made some adjustments to the ADPS Timeline to try and handle wear off messages. The Timelines are still largely using estimages/guesses for how long to display things.\par
{\pntext\f0 5.\tab}Updated resist parsing to count resists from pet procs.\par
{\pntext\f0 6.\tab}Changed Message Windows like the ones for Receiving a Quick Share to display at the center of the EQLogParser window instead of where the mouse cursor happens to be.\par
{\pntext\f0 7.\tab}Added # Attempts to Tanking Summary.\par
{\pntext\f0 8.\tab}Fixed some tooltip sizing problems.\par
{\pntext\f0 9.\tab}Updated spells again.\par

\pard\par
\ul Updates in Version 2.1.47\ulnone\par
\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Made more adjustments to how the Quick Shares are received and recorded in the log. Now each character listens for their own and then if you check Auto Enable it knows exactly which character to set. If both see the same message in guild or raid it will enable for both. Also loading a log file should populate the Quick Share table from the log and then switching to reading from either the configured characters or if Triggers are turned off it continues to read from the main log file. Hopefully it works.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Fixed a few more minor UI issues with the Trigger View tree not always updating correctly.\par

\pard\par
\ul Updates in Version 2.1.46\ulnone\par
\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Add right-click to Trigger Tree called 'Copy Settings To' that allows you copy the selected Trigger setting (whether they're enabled or not) to another character.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Updated Trigger Import and Merge when received from a Quick Share to highlight the Triggers and Folders which were updated. Also added a right-click menu option to clear the Highlighting. Either manually clearing or restarting the parser will make the Highlight go away.\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}Set middle-click to close tabs on the main tab control.\par
{\pntext\f0 4.\tab}Updated beta spells again.\par

\pard\par
\ul Updates in Version 2.1.45\ulnone\par
\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\b IMPORTANT -- \b0 I had to replace the Quick Share service as the previous one was blocked by a few ISPs. Everyone you share with now will have to use at least version 2.1.45 so tell people to upgrade.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Added an option to the Merge window to auto enable triggers that get imported.\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}Made some UI improvements when saving/updating triggers.\par
{\pntext\f0 4.\tab}Fixed another folder tree bug where checkboxes were incorrect.\par
{\pntext\f0 5.\tab}Fixed bug where the Damage Meter didn't work if less than 5 max players displayed.\par
{\pntext\f0 6.\tab}Fixed bug where log files looked like they weren't finished loading.\par

\pard\par
\ul Updates in Version 2.1.44\ulnone\par
\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Code cleanup and performance improvements.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Removed libraries from install that are no longer needed.\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}Fixed some rare chat parsing issues.\par

\pard\par
\ul Updates in Version 2.1.43\ulnone\par
\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Updated spell list from beta.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Added checks to make sure Overlay and Trigger trees exist in case of a bad upgade.\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}Changed how total percent are calculated for the total spell and proc values in the breakdown section.\par

\pard\ul\par
Updates in Version 2.1.42\par
\ulnone\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Added Quick Share to the right-click menu of the Manage Triggers tree view. It will copy the code to the clipboard but also display a window with the value and additional copy button if needed. the EQLP codes are similar to the ones GINA uses.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Added Quick Share Log which displays a table of all the GINA or EQLP quick share codes you've seen in the log file. It also allows you to right-click import to manually try downloading the triggers again or to copy the code so you can paste it to someone. So, now if you ever miss a quick share someone sent just check the table or reload the past hours in your log file to get them.\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}Changed Watch for GINA to Watch for Quick Shares that covers both GINA and EQLP. It now has furuther restrictions. It only looks for codes sent over Raid, Guild, Group, or in tells. If you receive a code in any other channel you'll have to open the Quick Share log and manually download the triggers. This is just to prevent unwanted prompts and spam. It also limits the number you can receive at once and a few other checks to avoid problems. However, they should always appear in the table so you can manually import if needed or you can turn off the Watch feature entirely and just use the table.\par
{\pntext\f0 4.\tab}Fixed issues with using \{C\} in Triggers when using advanced settings.\par
{\pntext\f0 5.\tab}Fixed issue with checkboxes not always showing the correct state in the tree.\par
{\pntext\f0 6.\tab}Fixed bug with changing selection/cancel from the property grid and tree.\par
{\pntext\f0 7.\tab}Added Potential DPS field to healing summary and breakdown.\par
{\pntext\f0 8.\tab}Attempted some workarounds to prevent crashes when closing tabs.\par

\pard\ul\par
Updates in Version 2.1.41\ulnone\par
\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Added Progress Timer Type for displaying and counting time in an increasing manner. All other options for a Timer apply exactly as they do for the normal Countdown Timer. Also renamed the options to make it more obvious what they do.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Added new Trigger Again Option. Do Nothing If the Timer Name is the same. It works closer to GINA's version of Do Nothing and is now the setting used when importing from GINA. Existing triggers in EQLogParser will need to be changed to use the new value if needed.\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}Fix for Cooldown Overlay colors getting out of sync.\par
{\pntext\f0 4.\tab}Added Potential Max Heal to the Healing Summary. It's the highest combination of healing plus the overheal value.\par
{\pntext\f0 5.\tab}Fix for Death Log crashing in some cases.\par
{\pntext\f0 6.\tab}Large amount of code cleanup that hopefully didn't break things.\par
{\pntext\f0 7.\tab}Updated spell data from beta.\par

\pard\par
\ul Updates in Version 2.1.40\ulnone\par
\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\b Trigger Manager\b0  has been reworked to allow you to configure multiple log files. There are now two modes to choose from. If you use \b Basic\b0  mode then Triggers will work exactly like they do now. If you switch to \b Advanced\b0  mode you will need to manually add characters and their associated log files. The \b Basic/Advanced \b0 option should be obvious in the Trigger Manager window at the top. In addition, there was a number of UI changes to make things clearer.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}\b Trigger Overlays\b0 . You can no longer turn off Overlays. If you need a quick way to close Overlay windows there is now a Close Overlays button in the Manage Overlay section that just closes them all if needed. There is also now a \b Default Overlay \b0 option availaing in the Timer and Text overlays. You can only speficy one Timer and one Text Overlay as a default. The default Overlay is what will be used if you don't manually assign Overlays to your Triggers. You can have most your Triggers use the default while also configuring specific Triggers to use a different Overlay.\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}\b Trigger Tester \b0 and \b Trigger Log\b0  have been updated to allow you to choose which character's settings they view or use. There's also been just general UI cleanup throughout all of Trigger Management.\par
{\pntext\f0 4.\tab}\b Last Major Note about Triggers.\b0  A database file is now used to store and manage Triggers. If you run two EQLogParsers the second one will have Triggers disabled. There is also a complicated upgrade process from your old settings to the new database. I'm leaving the old config files in place so if something breaks badly just install \b 2.1.35\b0  and your old Triggers should still work. Eventually those files will be deleted once everything looks to be working.\par
{\pntext\f0 5.\tab}Added \{L\} checks to all the display related cases and updated the trigger variables document.\par
{\pntext\f0 6.\tab}Updated \{repeated\} to work for the main DIsplay Text and included configuration in the trigger to specify the rest timeout. The value \{counter\} is also being handled but following the same implentation as \{repeated\}. It has minor differences to GINA and is discussed in the trigger variables doc.\par
{\pntext\f0 7.\tab}Fixed parsing of Glyph of Ultimate Power so it should be counted by the Damage Meter cirt rate option.\par
{\pntext\f0 8.\tab}Fixed sorting in the Breakdown tables and adjusted aggregate chart times to handle people not attacking for longer.\par
{\pntext\f0 9.\tab}Updated DPS chart to closer count aggregate DPS based on active time per player like the summaries and everything else uses. It's still not perfect.\par
{\pntext\f0 10.\tab}Fix log search crash if typing a key before selecting any of the UI controls.\par

\pard\par
\ul Updates in Version 2.1.35\ulnone\par
\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Updated the main Trigger Pattern field to handle \{TS\} tags for timestamps. If a timestamp is found the associated Timer will execute with the matched duration. If a single number is matched it will be counted as seconds otherwise the format hh:mm:ss is expected. Regex must be enabled for this to work.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Updted Trigger Duration fields to include hours and made the spinners easier to use.\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}Fixed misc bugs with button naming and position throughout the UI.\par

\pard\par
\ul Updates in Version 2.1.34\ulnone\par
\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Removed test code from last build.\par

\pard\par
\ul Updates in Version 2.1.33\ulnone\par
\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Fixed bug where Spell Caster Order sometimes showed the wrong order for spells received at the same time. Also adjusted the time range it uses for damaging spells.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Fixed issue with Random Rolls UI crashing and other event logs not loading properly.\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}Small performance updates to damage parsing and code reorg.\par

\pard\par
\ul Updates in Version 2.1.32\ulnone\par
\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Added support for \{L\} when creating Triggers simialar to how it is implemented for GINA.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Added a Menu Item under Help for viewing info about how to use Trigger variables.\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}Updated the Dark Theme to use the latest version from Syncfusion.\par
{\pntext\f0 4.\tab}Fixed a few bugs with copying Timelines as an Image.\par
{\pntext\f0 5.\tab}Removed the custom document viewer. Help options and release notes should just open Notepad or whatever you have associated with RTF files.\par

\pard\par
\ul Updates in Version 2.1.30\par
\ulnone\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Adjusted Damage Meter fonts to not be impacted by previous changes.\par

\pard\ul\par
Updates in Version 2.1.29\ulnone\par
\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Added Look and Feel Menu Item under Options. It has settings for Font Size, Font Family, and the previous Themes. Only a limited number of options are available at this time and a number of changes were made throughou the UI for things to adjust sizes better. Hopefully all the current combinations of Font Size/Family work well.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Added Font Family selection to Text Overlays.\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}Fixed bug with the Text Overlay preview not showing example text.\par
{\pntext\f0 4.\tab}Fixed issue with DataGrids loading forever when using the Light Theme.\par
{\pntext\f0 5.\tab}Added additional info being printed during startup for debugging.\par

\pard\ul\par
Updates in Version 2.1.28\ulnone\par
\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Updated to latest Syncfusion libraries.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Added additional checks that could prevent chat and log search from loading properly.\par

\pard\par
\ul Updates in Version 2.1.27\ulnone\par
\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Fix for crash that can happen when closing some tabs from the View menu.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Added additional error checking/logging to help debug.\par

\pard\par
\ul Updates in Version 2.1.26\par
\ulnone\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Code cleanup.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Small performance improvements for parsing spell casts.\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}Additional error handling.\par

\pard\par
\ul Updates in Version 2.1.25\ulnone\par
\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Added Crippling Snare and Fiery Strike to procs list.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Added a drop shadow to the text on a Text Overlay and updated the Timers to have a similar shadow.\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}Updated tooltips in the Verified Player window to have better messages about why a class was chosen in some cases.\par
{\pntext\f0 4.\tab}Removed Monitor option from the File menu. Instead choose the Now option from the Open and Monitor menu.\par
{\pntext\f0 5.\tab}Updated the FIle menu to show the 6 most recently opened log files below the Open and Monitor menu item.\par
{\pntext\f0 6.\tab}Updated some of the dotnet dependencies.\par
{\pntext\f0 7.\tab}Fixed a problem with auto update not finding the latest version.\par

\pard\ul\par
Updates in Version 2.1.24\ulnone\par
\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Added NPC filter to the Looted Items table.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Fixed bug with parsing loot of currency when not from a split and in the case when master looter is not set.\par

\pard\par
\ul Updates in Version 2.1.23\ulnone\par
\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Fixed issue where NPC 'stab' attacks weren't being parsed.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Added Curse of Muram to default settings for the Ovlery Crit Rate option.\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}Added basic Healing Timeline to show abilities that increase healing/mana of the caster.\par

\pard\ul\par
Updates in Version 2.1.22\par
\ulnone\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Updated Syncfusion license.\par

\pard\par
\ul Updates in Version 2.1.21\par
\ulnone\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Added Spire of Ancestors to Overlay Crit Rate counter.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Fixed bug where summary calculations would sometimes be done twice.\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}Upgraded all the Syncfusion libraries to a more recent version. This should have some performance improvements.\par
{\pntext\f0 4.\tab}Changed installer to recommend the latest version of .NET 6 when no version is found. It's not a requirement but at this time it would be good for everyone to be running 6.0.19 and to keep up with security fixes.\par

\pard\par
\ul Updates in Version 2.1.20\ulnone\par
\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Fix for copying images when using a 4K display.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Changed how pets get parsed that should fix a beastlord bug. You may want to make sure your player isn't somehow stuck in the Verified Pets list if warders still aren't parsing.\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}Updated the Healing and Received Healing Breakdown to remember the setting for showing showing the healer or the spells.\par
{\pntext\f0 4.\tab}Fixed bug with ADPS chart where spells casts with no lands on other messages were being missed.\par
{\pntext\f0 5.\tab}Signed the parser with a new ceritificate as the previous one expired a few months ago.\par

\pard\par
\ul\par
Updates in Version 2.1.18\par
\ulnone\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Added Min column to Breakdowns.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Fixed bug where selecting Voice Rate could crash if no Voice had been previously saved.\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}Added Copy/Paste options that work for Overlays.\par
{\pntext\f0 4.\tab}Added Import/Export for Overlays. In the future may add a way to create sub folders of Overlays. Right now, you can only Import/Export to the one root folder.\par
{\pntext\f0 5.\tab}Fix for Healing Summary to count Heals to self when there's no Tanking hits.\par

\pard\par
\ul Updates in Version 2.1.17\ulnone\par
\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Small fix to handle older Timer format.\par

\pard\par
\ul Updates in Version 2.1.16\par
\ulnone\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Added Cut option for Triggers.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Fixed some minor bugs with Trigger data not always updating after refresh.\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}Fixed bug where resizing/testing Overlay settings didn't update until the Overlay was disabled/enabled again.\par

\pard\par
\ul Updates in Version 2.1.15\par
\ulnone\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Updated with latest spell data and fixed some missing spell procs.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Added Copy/Paste for Triggers.\par

\pard\par
\ul Updates in Version 2.1.14\par
\ulnone\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Added an option for Alt Timer Name called \{repeated\} which will show a count of how many timers the Trigger has been called over a short period of time. Currently set to 750ms and useful for things like how many targets were hit be your AE, etc.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Updated the Duration controls in the Trigger Manager to handle the Tab key. Hitting tab while selecting the minutes will take you to the seconds field.\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}Fixed bug where sounds weren't playing for the end early timer setting and updating handling of $\{\} and \{\} to be more compatible with GINA.\par
{\pntext\f0 4.\tab}Fixed bug where Triggers sometimes appeared as if they were active when they weren't.\par

\pard\par
\ul Updates in Version 2.1.13\par
\ulnone\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Allow Triggrs to be active without loading a log file so the tester can be used.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Only close Overlays if Trigger settings are updated and not just if anything is updated.\par

\pard\par
\ul Updates in Version 2.1.12\par
\ulnone\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Now if a higher Priority Tirgger is about to play a sound it also tries to stop playing any previous wav file that might be playing in addition to TTS.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Changed default Trigger Priority to 3 and fixed an issue where sometimes a sound would get cancled/stop playing when it shouldn't. If you have this happen a lot check that your Trigger Priorities make sense and check the Trigger Log. It should show when that happens. Remember that 1 is the highest priority and 5 is the lowest when it comes to canceling speech/sounds.\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}Made some more performance updates for opening/re-using Timer and Text Overlay windows for a period of time even if they're not displaying anything.\par
{\pntext\f0 4.\tab}Whenever a configuration setting is changed for Triggers or Overlays it will close all open and active windows including Cooldown Timer Overlays which previously would skip to the cooldown phase for everything when you did that.\par
{\pntext\f0 5.\tab}Changed to start/stop TriggerManager when the application receives power mode changes. i.e. when a computer is put to sleep. Hopefully, there won't be any issues with things not working if you do that while the parser is running.\par

\pard\par
\ul Updates in Version 2.1.11\par
\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\ulnone Added a new type of Timer for Triggers called Short Duration Timer. It's for when you want to specify values under 2 seconds. These timers will be rendered sooner and more often but will also support less options.\par

\pard\ul\par
Updates in Version 2.1.10\ulnone\par
\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Updated Damage Meter to allow max rows from 1 to 10 and updated some tooltips.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Updated handling of variables like \{s\} and $\{s\} in Triggers. The main thing to know is that if you're updating an End Early Pattern you can use $\{s\} to reference values from the original Pattern that triggered the timer. If you specify \{s\} instead (without the $) it will capture a new string that you can use in the End Early Text. For the Warning, End Text, and Timer Name you can use $\{s\} or \{s\} and they'll do the same thing. They get replaced with the values from the original Pattern.\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}Fix for Patterns getting stuck showing as invalid even if Regex is not enabled.\par

\pard\ul\par
Updates in Version 2.1.9\par
\ulnone\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Added a new dialog to the Trigger Manager when you have unsaved changes and attempt to select a new Trigger/Overlay.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Added a new option to the Cooldown Timer Overlay for an Idle Timeout. If set it will close the Overlay once every Timer has been Idle for the specified time.\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}Fixed Cooldown Timer Overlay bug where Timers during their reset phase may have been hidden when a new Timer of another type is activated.\par
{\pntext\f0 4.\tab}When using a Cooldown Timer Overlay it no longer cares what setting is used for restarting the Timer. It'll always work like a Cooldown Timer as long as the Reset Duration is set.\par
{\pntext\f0 5.\tab}Fixed but when trying to unset the Alternate Timer Name that was preventing the Timer from displaying.\par
{\pntext\f0 6.\tab}Changed how saving the position of Overlays works so that it will not clear out your unsaved changes of other properties if that Overlay is still open in the property grid.\par
{\pntext\f0 7.\tab}Fixed Damage Meter bug where it did not stay open for the minimum 10 seconds after a kill when using the Rest Kill option.\par

\pard\par
\ul Updateds in Version 2.1.8\par
\ulnone\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Fixed bug with Triggers when both \{N\} and \{S\} are defined in the pattern. Only the first one you had defined was working.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Performance updates to Text Overlays to handle being a spam window better.\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}Updated Trigger Manager's Property Grid to allow use of arrow keys, enter, etc within each property instead of moving to the previous/next property in the grid.\par

\pard\par
\ul Updates in Version 2.1.7\ulnone\par
\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Added a Trigger setting for an optional custom Text Color that can be used in place of the one defined by the associated Text Overlay. This is to allow one Overlay to show text in different colors depending on the Trigger.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Added option to the right-click Assign Overlay menus in Trigger Manager for removing all Overlays on the selected triggers.\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}Moved Regex checkboxes to be inline with the setting that needs them and made other small updates to the Trigger properties list.\par
{\pntext\f0 4.\tab}Fixed bug that sometimes caused the Trigger saved file to be corrupted.\par

\pard\par
\ul Updates in Version 2.1.6\ulnone\par
\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Added additional checks and error handling to prevent trigger and overlay data files from being corrupted.\par

\pard\par
\ul Updates in Version 2.1.5\par
\ulnone\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Added Display Text fields to be used by Text Overlays. You'll need to re-import triggers from GINA if you want to see this value populated.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Reorganized the Trigger property window and removed the Errors section. If a Regex is invalid the string itself will be changed to the warning color.\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}Reworked Timer Overlays to address some inconsistencies with the TTS actions.\par

\pard\par
\ul Updates in Version 2.1.4\par
\ulnone\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Performance fixes for loading log files.\par

\pard\par
\ul Updates in Version 2.1.3\par
\ulnone\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Minor fix for bane parsing.\par

\pard\par
\ul Updates in Version 2.1.2\par
\ulnone\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Fixes for Triggers that restart based on the same name.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Added a font size 10 option to the damage meter and moved things around. It should resize to a decent amount smaller now if needed.\par

\pard\par
\ul Updates in Version 2.1.1\par
\ulnone\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720 Added Healing Settings under the Options menu. Moved the Include AoE healing option under this menu along with a new option for including heals that land on swarm pets.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Changed the resize bar on the Damage Meter and Trigger Overlays to be more like a standard Windows resizer to avoid confusion.\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}Updated Damage Meter to attempt to set a proper height when changing font, bar sizes, and max rows to make it easier to resize.\par
{\pntext\f0 4.\tab}Fixed bug where the HP column in the Fight List was no longer showing any values.\par
{\pntext\f0 5.\tab}Updated parsing of bane damage from TBL.\par
{\pntext\f0 6.\tab}Fixed bug that would slow down loading log files if they were re-loaded multiple times.\par

\pard\par
\par
\ul Major Updates in Version 2.1.0\ulnone\par
\par
\b Version 1.0 of Audio Triggers is now ready.\b0  Look under View -> Triggers. \ul\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\ulnone Trigger Manager is for creating triggers and overlays. You can also import from GINA trigger files. Stopwatch timers are not currently supported. Sounds and Overlays are also not imported. Also, the GINA restart timer if name is the same option also does not export properly so can not be imported.\ul\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ulnone Trigger Log is a table that gets updated when triggers are fired. \ul\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ulnone Trigger Tester allows you to paste log lines into a list and Run them as if you were playing. Then your triggers and overlays should fire and display. The real-time option takes timestamps into account and attempts to delay each line by the appropriate amount.\ul\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ulnone The Tools menu has an option for Opening the Trigger Sounds folder. You can add new .wav files there and they should show up as options in Trigger Manager.\ul\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ulnone If you created triggers in previos versions it's probably best to start over.\ul\par

\pard\par
\ulnone\b New Damage Meter. \b0 It has it's only menu under View -> Damage Meter.\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 The UI has been updated with a modern look and feel.\ul\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ulnone A Tank tab is available to view similar damage information for Tanks. It does not need to be configured. You can click back and forther between DPS and Tank while it's running.\ul\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ulnone There's a new optoin for smaller damage percent bars to allow the Overlay to use a little less space.\ul\par

\pard\par
\ulnone\b Added Help Menu.\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\b0 One option allows you to view these release notes.\ul\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ulnone\b0 Reporting an Issue takes you to the Github page for reporting bugs.\ul\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ulnone\b0 The About option takes you to the README on Github.\ul\par
}
 